---
layout: page
title: "Resource Optimisation"
categories: career
excerpt : "Nutrition Strategy"
tags: [ career ]
date: 2022-02-15T00:00:00-00:00
---

* Id - ro-1

Dear XYZ,

We would like to work along with you to design, implement and iterate a Food processing module to integrate it for
our "Bhoomi" Autonomous Habitat on Mars to facilitate Nutrition for Human explorers.

Your research on Human-In-Loop(HIL) system and interest on maintaining an exhaustive list of Recipes for suited for 
Indian palette meets our requirement for Greenhouse module.

Our target deployment is for Mars environment, We believe that your skill-set match our requirements and working
in our competitive Open Source environment would help in your future endeavors.

* Work responsibilities
  * Build inexpensive prototypes using Off the shelf components.
  * Contribute to Patent being actively developed by the team.
  * Max 40 hr/week with minimum of 6 hrs/day to carry our planned activities
  * Strategize and plan research independently for Resource Optimisation module
  * Contribute to Open source, new methodologies and process created during Research
  * Participate and represent the Team in conference's and workshops on related topics. 

We propose a contract of 1 year duration, with the option to extend based on requirement of "Bhoomi" project and also
based on your availability and performance during the contract period.

Your remuneration would include Rs. 25,000 paid monthly via GitHub sponsors for Open source work. 
We would also provide necessary arrangements to represent the Team in competitions and conferences based on requirement.