---
layout: page
title: "Space Communication - Intern"
categories: career
excerpt : "Quantum Protocol"
tags: [ career ]
date: 2022-02-15T00:00:00-00:00
---

* Id - comm-1

Dear XYZ,

We would like to offer you a position of 'Open Source Research Intern - Quantum Space Communication'

We are preparing a submission for IROS 2023 and our current work phase include "Bhoomi" Autonomous Habitat controller, 
"Garuda" - UAV Swarm and "Nandi" UGV swarm.

We have a speed of light lag issue, since our target deployment is Mars environment. We have identified few complex 
tasks that would require Human-in-Loop (HIL) intervention to debug/solve immediately .

During our conversation, you had mentioned an interest to do research on Quantum computing  for Communication, 

we would like to work with you to design, implement and iterate a communication module to handle our 
"Bhoomi" Habitat requirements .

We propose an open offer for 3 months (with option to renew) based on your interest and
availability.

Work requirements
1. 1 hr daily and 10 per week.
2. Open Source Contributions to S Labs.
3. Participate in design discussions .
4. Individual Research for communication module.
   
Benefits
1. 10,000 Rupees per month for 40 hr per month work .
2. IROS 2023, author registration costs only, if paper accepted .
3. Patent creation support.

Please let us know your interest and availability, since we would like our Research collaboration 
to start as soon as possible. IROS 2023 deadline is Feb 28, 2023.

We believe that working together would help you in your future endeavors providing an all round
experience working in a competitive team.